Updating and correcting the Adding New Features Tutorial (Docs) (#3662)
skyportal/skyportal: doc/adding_features.md

``` python
from baselayer.app.access import auth_or_token
from ..base import BaseHandler
from ...models import TestComment

class TestCommentHandler(BaseHandler):
    @auth_or_token
    def get(self):
        # If we wanted to do any query filtering, this is where that would happen
        with self.Session() as session:
            comments = session.scalars(
                TestComment.select(session.user_or_token)
            ).all()
            return self.success(data=comments)

    @auth_or_token
    def post(self):
        data = self.get_json()
        comment_text = data.get("commentText")
        if comment_text is None or comment_text == "":
            return self.error("`commentText` must be provided as a non-empty string")
        with self.Session() as session:
            comment = TestComment(
                text=comment_text,
                user_id=self.associated_user_object.id,
            )
            session.add(comment)
            session.commit()
            self.push_all(action='skyportal/FETCH_TEST_COMMENTS')
            return self.success(data=comment)
```

> From `skyportal/handlers` we imported `Base`, which is the base class of our new handler. We also imported `TestComment`, which is the model class we defined above.  The `Base` class has a Session attribute, which is an instance of `DBSession`, a [SQLAlchemy](https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/13/index.html) [Session](https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/13/orm/session.html) instance. Whereas `TestComment` is an SQLAlchemy [mapper class](https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/13/orm/mapping_styles.html#declarative-mapping) (which maps a Python class to a database table).

Reviewer: Did you import `Base` or `BaseHandler`?

The `get` method queries the database for all `TestComment` records, and returns them to the front-end or a simple API call.

In the `post` method, we start by accessing the request's JSON body with `self.get_json()`, and ensure that `"commentText"` is provided there as a non-empty string, returning an error response otherwise. If it is provided, we proceed with creating a new `TestComment` record, which we then add to the session with `session.add()`, and commit the session to disk with `session.commit()`. Before returning the handlers response, a websocket message is sent to the front-end with action type `"skyportal/FETCH_TEST_COMMENTS"`, which will trigger the front-end (using the ducks from React Redux mentioned earlier) to re-fetch the comments list from the back-end. Note that we're using the `push_all` method of `BaseHandler` to push the websocket message to all connected clients. If we wanted to push the message to only a subset of clients, we could use `push` instead, passing in a list of user IDs to send the message to.

*More details on websockets can be found in the [websockets section](#websockets) below.*

> In both methods, to interact with the database, we use the `Session` attribute of `BaseHandler` to create an instance of `DBSession`. We use the `with self.Session() as session` syntax to ensure that the session is closed after the block is executed. This is a common pattern in Python for managing resources that need to be closed after use.

Reviewer: The name for the `with` statement is "context manager"

            return self.success(...)
```

> Note: In Python, if an error occurs and isn't catched, the method with raise an exception. Here, we want to catch errors so we can still use a return statement to return a response to the client containing the error message. TO do so, one can use the `try`/`except` syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: In Python, if an error occurs and isn't caught, the method will raise an exception. Here, we want to catch errors so we can still use return a response to the client containing the error message. To do so, one can use the `try`/`except` syntax:
```

``` python
from .test_comment import TestCommentHandler
```

and for `skyportal/models/test_comment.py`, we add the following line to the `skyportal/models/__init__.py` file:

``` python
from .test_comment import TestComment
```

Now, we need to define the API endpoint that will be used to access the `TestCommentHandler` we just defined. This is done in the `skyportal/app_server.py` file.

``` python
from skyportal.handlers.api import TestCommentHandler # add this line to the top of the file after the existing handlers imports

...

skyportal_handlers = [
    ...
    (r'/api/test_comment', TestCommentHandler), # add this line in the skyporatl_handlers list
    ...
]
```

The elements of this `skyportal_handlers` list are tuples consisting of a regex string describing the matching URL pattern, and the handler object: `(r'/api/test_comments', TestCommentHandler)`. In this case, we want to access the `TestCommentHandler` at the `/api/test_comment` path.

> Keep in mind that incomign requests will be routed to the first handler in the list that matches the request path. When you add a new feature, make sure to add it to the list in the correct place so that it doesn't override an existing handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that incoming requests will be routed to the first handler in the list that matches the request path. When you add a new feature, make sure to add it to the list in the correct place so that it doesn't override an existing handler (unless that is what you intend to do!). 
```
